<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [$][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [$.ajax][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]
-   [elements][5]
-   [html][6]
    -   [Parameters][7]
-   [text][8]
    -   [Parameters][9]
-   [on][10]
    -   [Parameters][11]
-   [show][12]
-   [hide][13]
-   [attr][14]
    -   [Parameters][15]
-   [append][16]
    -   [Parameters][17]
-   [empty][18]
-   [hasClass][19]
    -   [Parameters][20]
-   [addClass][21]
    -   [Parameters][22]
-   [removeClass][23]
    -   [Parameters][24]
-   [toggleClass][25]
    -   [Parameters][26]
-   [each][27]
    -   [Parameters][28]

## $

### Parameters

-   `selector` **any** The CSS selector to use or DOM object

**Meta**

-   **author**: Alfonso Saavedra "Son Link"
-   **license**: GPL3

## $.ajax

Perform an Ajax request.

### Parameters

-   `url` **[string][29]** The url to send the request.
-   `opts` **[Array][30]&lt;[Object][31]>** A array to set the options. See below.
    -   `opts.success` **[function][32]** A callback function when the request was successful.
    -   `opts.async` **[boolean][33]** Set to false to block execution until you finish receiving the response. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `opts.contentType` **[string][29]** The content type for the request. (optional, default `'application/x-www-form-urlencoded; charset=UTF-8'`)
    -   `opts.data` **[string][29]?** A object with the variables and her values to send. For example {email: 'mymail@gmail.com', user: 'My User'}.
    -   `opts.dataType` **[string][29]** What kind of data do you expect to receive (json, text, html) (optional, default `'json'`)
    -   `opts.error` **[function][32]?** The callback when the request fail.
    -   `opts.type` **[string][29]** The HTTP request method (GET, POST, etc) (optional, default `'GET'`)

## elements

## html

Return the HTML of the firs element or set the HTML for one or more elements

### Parameters

-   `html` **[string][29]?** Optional. If set change the HTML of the elements. If not return the HTML of the first element.

Returns **[string][29]** the HTML of the firts element found if html variable is not set.

## text

Same as html() but for text.

### Parameters

-   `txt` **[string][29]?** If set change the text of the elements. If not return the text of the first element found.

Returns **[string][29]** the HTML of the found element if html variable is not set.

## on

Add event to the elements.

### Parameters

-   `event` **[string][29]** event (click, change, keyup, etc)
-   `callback` **[function][32]** The callback function.

## show

Display the element(s)

## hide

Hide the element(s)

## attr

Set a element atribute or return the attribute of the firts element found.

### Parameters

-   `name` **[string][29]** The attribute name
-   `value` **string/number?** The value for the attribute.

Returns **[string][29]** The attribute value of the first element found if value is not set.

## append

Append a text or HTML to element(S)

### Parameters

-   `ele` **[string][29]** The text or HTML to append

## empty

Clear all content of the element(s)

## hasClass

Return if any element have the class name

### Parameters

-   `className` **[string][29]** The class name

Returns **[boolean][33]** true if any element has the class or false if not.

## addClass

Add class(es) to each element(s). You can add more than one separated by spaces

### Parameters

-   `className` **[string][29]** The class(es) name

## removeClass

Remove class(es) on each element. You can remove more than one separated by spaces

### Parameters

-   `className` **[string][29]** The class(es) name

## toggleClass

Toggle class on each element.

### Parameters

-   `className` **[string][29]** The class name to toggle

## each

Iterate through every element of the collection. The callback function receive the current element.

### Parameters

-   `callback` **[function][32]** The callback function

Returns **[object][31]** The actual element

[1]: #

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #ajax

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #elements

[6]: #html

[7]: #parameters-2

[8]: #text

[9]: #parameters-3

[10]: #on

[11]: #parameters-4

[12]: #show

[13]: #hide

[14]: #attr

[15]: #parameters-5

[16]: #append

[17]: #parameters-6

[18]: #empty

[19]: #hasclass

[20]: #parameters-7

[21]: #addclass

[22]: #parameters-8

[23]: #removeclass

[24]: #parameters-9

[25]: #toggleclass

[26]: #parameters-10

[27]: #each

[28]: #parameters-11

[29]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[31]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[32]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[33]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean
